how's it going everyone my name is
potato and welcome back to another grand
theft auto 5 video today we're going to
be going over covering talking about and
kind of speculating on a possible GTA 5
campaign DLC and live-action promo
trailer now none of this is confirmed of
course this is all however courtesy of
Shawn fonteno the actual voice actor for
Franklin inside of GTA 5 so I guess you
could consider him a reputable source
when it comes to things like this as
he's an actual voice actor for GTA 5 and
he works for rockstar games so on his
Instagram page which I'm going to link
down below about a week ago he posted a
picture and he just hashtagged GTA 5 v
that's all he said the picture it's a
Franklin trever and michael their voice
actors in their real life forms dressed
up as these characters and he left it
really open-ended but Franklin or Sean
fonty knows actually been very
mysterious throughout GTA 5's life cycle
so far in interviews and things of that
nature so on his Instagram page he's
posted multiple images kind of hinting
at some sort of GTA 5 type of movie
promo live action trailer tyfa deal
which I'll get to in just a moment but
also he's been quoted in interviews and
as of recently I think there was one
about a month ago where he actually said
that he's doing some DLC work for
rockstar games in GTA 5 so who knows
what he could actually be voicing and
doing this work for but the first thing
that of course pops into mind when i
hear that is a campaign dlc which we
know we're going to get some time in
with GTA 5 but we don't know exactly
when i would like to say sometime in
2015 maybe maybe april 2015 or summer
2015 somewhere in that time frame seems
plausible to to get something like that
and i do think a a story mode dlc is
long overdue now whether this is just
going to be a simple addition to GTA 5
or an actual standalone single-player
DLC maybe picking up on the life of
franklin before the GTA 5 campaign or
after it who knows i do think that's
going to be real
interesting but on this image that Shawn
fonteno posted just saying GTA 5 d and
leaving the last part off where he could
put movie campaign DLC promo trailer
whatever it may be this image like I
said does feature the three characters
in their real life form Ned Luke Stephen
OGG and Shawn fonteno but this could
simply just be a fan-made concept art I
want to say that somebody may be sent to
Shawn fontina or he's seen somewhere on
the internet and you thought it was cool
so he uploaded it or this could be like
I said a live-action promo trailer that
we could be getting for GTA 5 that could
be advertising and showing off the GTA 5
campaign DLC if we ever do get one of
those now this would be rock stars first
time ever doing and shooting and filming
a live-action promo so back in GTA 2
which was least in the late 90s they
actually did a life promo trailer it was
about ten minutes long and you can find
it on YouTube for Grand Theft Auto two
in the main character of that game a
real-life promo trailer so that's what
leads me to believe in in you know it
just it just seems plausible that we
could get something like that for GTA 5
of course so do got some evidence to
back that up with the whole trailer
thing in the fact that Shawn fonteno is
more or less a reputable source since he
does voice work for rockstar games and
he does work for them essentially so uh
with all that sent out of the way I do
believe that's just about it if you guys
did of course enjoy the video and you'd
like to see some more content like this
or don't forget to leave a like of
course and subscribe if you are new
around here that way you never miss out
on an upload to let me know down in the
comments do you guys want to see a GTA 5
story mode and campaign DLC very eager
to read through all of those both all
that sent out of the way you guys all
take it easy have a safe one and I will
talk to you later bye